RHOAIENG-32492: kubeflow trainer v2 docs (#1239)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/creating-a-kubeflow-trainer-trainJob-resource.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="creating-a-kubeflow-trainer-trainJob-resource_{context}"]
= Creating a Kubeflow Trainer TrainJob resource

[role='_abstract']

You can create a TrainJob resource to run a distributed PyTorch training job by using the OpenShift Console.

.Prerequisites
* You can access an OpenShift cluster that has multiple worker nodes with supported NVIDIA GPUs or AMD GPUs.
* Your cluster administrator has configured the cluster as follows:

>     ** Installed Red Hat OpenShift AI with the required distributed training components, as described in Installing the distributed workloads components (for disconnected environments, see Installing the distributed workloads components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Installed {productname-long} with the required distributed training components, as described in Installing the distributed workloads components (for disconnected environments, see Installing the distributed workloads components).
```
